to_Quanbaby_from_cwzhou_proj3.txt

Hi Quan, wow this draft is well done! Good job! I have a few comments below:

1. Is the project organized modularly, with Make as the workflow manager?
Yes. This is very well organized including a helpful readme to describe how to run the program!

2. Does the project use both Python (Pandas specifically) and R (Tidyverse specifically) scripts?
Yes, the project uses Python for data wrangling and R for plots/analysis.

3. Is Docker used to define execution environments appropriately?
Yes! Great job.

4. Are the plots appropriate for the data types, the hypotheses being tested, and the points being communicated?
Yes. I am not sure it is necessary to include both a table and barplot for the client genders summary (seems redundant). Same with (5) Summary about clients veteran status.
For age, a histogram might be better than density curve. Same for client staying days - histogram might be a better visualization.
Overall, great job on plot titles/axis. All approrpiate and well done.

5. How can the project be organized or documented more clearly?
Honestly, the project is already well organized and documented. Kudos.

One thing about the first table in the subsection "(1) Summary about EE providers", it might be easier to read if you deleted "Urban Ministries of Durham- Durham County- " from each EE provider ID.

6. Is the purpose of the project communicated clearly?
Very clear.

7. Does the purpose of the project make sense from the client’s point of view? How could the project better serve the client?
Yes, makes great sense. This will be very helpful to them!

8. Is the source of the data made clear? (Remember that this project can be part of your public portfolios, so people not familiar with UMD may see it).
Yes, this is clear. Might be a good idea to include the UMD website for some more background info.

9. Is the interpretation of figures clearly explained?
Yes. Good job including a sentence after each plot/table.

The sentence "Most people left because they would gonna stay with friends for temporary tenure" is not gramatically correct. Try "Most people left to stay with friends for temporary tenure." 

The sentence "The first question is about the explanotory varialbes." has a type (variables).

Other typos in this section include:  explanotory, clinet, numricals.

10. Is the purpose and interpretation of analysis steps clearly communicated?
Yes. Good job for explaining each step of your analysis as well as interpretations.

11. Are overall take-home messages clearly communicated?
Yes. The last section (conclusion) summarizes the report concisely.